packages/style/fonts/README.md, before:

# Adding icons to the icon font

All icons are in an icon font. Icomoon can be used to add new icons.

If you need to add new icons to the font:

- Go to https://icomoon.io/app/#/projects

- If there is already a project called “Europeana”, remove it first

- Click “Import project”

- Select the config file from `icomoon-config.json`

- A project with the name “Europeana” will be shown

- Click “Load” and you will see an overview of the icons currently in the font

To add new icons:

- Either search for icons in the library of free icons, most common icons are in this library

- Or use "Import to set" from the set menu (to keep all in the same set) to load own SVGs

- When ready, press the “generate font” button at the bottom, check if everything is there, rename icons where needed and then press “download”

- Extract the .woff from the downloaded Zip into this `fonts` directory

- Open style.css from the Zip and copy the rules for the new icons into `../scss/icons.scss`

- Click the project “Europeana” on the right in the top bar and click “download” to get the new config file

- Extract this config file into `icomoon-config.json`


# License

- The Open Sans fonts are licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

- The Ubuntu fonts are licensed under the [Ubuntu font licence, Version 1.0](https://ubuntu.com/legal/font-licence).

Commit message:

Add new icons to style guide

packages/style/fonts/README.md, after:

# Adding icons to the icon font

All icons are in an icon font. Icomoon can be used to add new icons.

If you need to add new icons to the font:

- Go to https://icomoon.io/app/#/projects

- If there is already a project called “Europeana”, remove it first

- Click “Import project”

- Select the config file from `icomoon-config.json`

- A project with the name “Europeana” will be shown

- Click “Load” and you will see an overview of the icons currently in the font

To add new icons:

- Either search for icons in the library of free icons, most common icons are in this library

- Or use "Import to set" from the set menu (to keep all in the same set) to load own SVGs

- When ready, press the “generate font” button at the bottom, check if everything is there, rename icons where needed and then press “download”

- Extract the .woff from the downloaded Zip into this `fonts` directory

- Open style.css from the Zip and copy the rules for the new icons into `../scss/icons.scss`

- Click the project “Europeana” on the right in the top bar and click “download” to get the new config file

- Extract this config file into `icomoon-config.json`

- Consider updating the style guide with new icons

# License

- The Open Sans fonts are licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

- The Ubuntu fonts are licensed under the [Ubuntu font licence, Version 1.0](https://ubuntu.com/legal/font-licence).
